[
  {
    "id": 157,
    "user_id": 218,
    "goal_text": "On or before December 31, 2026, I, Jim Hubbard am earning an excess of $10,000 monthly from my UNICITY franchise. I am qualified as a senior director distributor with UNICITY and International. My senior director distributorship is strong and sustainable with at least 20 partners and over 18,000 points monthly",
    "vision_statement": "It’s now December 31st. 2026 and I just viewed my 3rd. monthly deposit into my checking account for $10,000.Seeing that gives me a tingle of goosebumps over my entire body due to the sense of accomplishment, I’ve acquired to this point. The pride in me swells up over the fact that I’ve overcome all of my self limiting beliefs & demons that have kept me from living my best life. I fully enjoy, embrace and cherish my current lifestyle with renewed confidence of always being able to say “YES” to any adventure or scenario that comes to me. My daily thoughts are 100% Positive, progressive, and encouraging. I know with assured confidence that I accomplish anything. I set my mind to..(No exceptions) & i’m living a life that God has ordained for me. I’m now fully living out my purpose that he had me conceived to accomplish. This purpose is to help his people get free of pain, have ease of movement, learn the ways of living a healthy lifestyle, if sick to regain their health and avoid a premature death, thus allowing them to live a vibrant and fully functioning life until God calls him home. Through God’s grace & guidance, I have acquired and instruct large numbers of people how to accomplish all this by teaching them how to not have insulin resistance leading to diabetes and all of the other metabolic diseases that stem from that. In addition to teaching people these concepts one on one, i’m blessed to be invited to present to Large groups of people frequently. In the near future, I’m speaking to an audience of 100–200 people that are scheduled to be at a large and popular venue to hear me, share, uplifting, inspiring. & personal growth in their finances & and Health. These people are eager to learn how to make better food, lifestyle & exercise choices that will allow them to live their best lives. I experience a helper high when people thank me daily for helping them regain their health and in some cases, saving them from premature death. When I hear their “stories & thank you’s” for being their catalyst, my heart and mind is filled with overwhelming joy, pride & accomplishment. I leave the venue at the end of my talk with Great anticipation for the next day’s departure of my entire family,(Kids & G-Kids) to a beautiful tropical paradise that I’m paying all expenses for. This trip is a dream come true for Susan and I. My joy over this family vacation is enhanced when I realize that this is only the beginning of many family getaways that are ahead of us. A tremendous sense of accomplishment overcomes me when I see & hear their joy, excitement, and gratitude for the trip. I paused to realize that I’m leaving my dream of.”==Owning Own Life==”. This thought brings to my face, tears of joy due to the reality of being able to ==travel Whenever I Want, Wherever I Want, For As Long As I Want, With Whoever I Want, while Personally, Having All The Money & Optimal Health to Fully Enjoy It==. The excitement I feel over this moment is 10Xed by the realization that this is how the rest of my life will be for me. I’m thankful and grateful to God for, over my entire life, haven’t been the recipient of His protection, favor and blessings. I am grateful for how He has led me to become the successful Dr. that I’ve become. He has guided me to learn the great healing skills and knowledge that I’ve been able to deliver to his people that he has brought into my life. I’m overjoyed with a thought of continuing to walk the path of success he has in store for me….AMEN",
    "target_date": "2026-12-31 00:00:00",
    "created_at": "2025-12-11 21:53:26.301799",
    "updated_at": "2026-01-04 17:09:06.439"
  }
]